This plugin adds micro mission functionality to the GCConnex webpage. 
Current functionality includes posting a job opportunity, displaying the job opportunity and searching for a job opportunity with a simple and advanced search.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

OVERVIEW:
1)
This plugin adds a menu item to the left hand side menu on GCConnex.
This menu item leads the user to the missions front page where they can see a river of the most recently created missions or nothing if no missions have been posted yet.
On this page, there is a right hand side menu which the user can follow to the plugin's other pages.

Post opportunity will lead the user to a form. When they are done filling out that form and submit it they will have a second form to complete.
Once that form is complete and submitted they will have one final form to complete. 
Upon submission their mission will be created and they will be forwarded to a display of the mission information.
The design of these pages was guided by the given wireframes.

Search will give the user a single text input search field.
Upon submission, the missions title, type and description will be searched for the given input.

Advanced search will allow users to customize the search behavior by selecting a certain number of search parameters.
Upon selection, input fields will be generated accordingly.
Upon submission, the search will check the given parameters and use logic appropriate to each.

Browse latest will display the latest missions.
Searches will display missions in an abbreviated format.
Missions display design was guided by the given wireframes.

Posting an opportunity, clicking on the title link in the river or clicking the read more button from the search display will take the user to a display of the mission information.
From here, the user who created the mission may delete it.

In the administration panel and under settings, there is a Micro Missions page.

2)
Both search and advanced search can search for candidates according to some of their profile information (education, experience, skills and portfolio).
Search and advanced search now have two buttons which allow users to switch between mission and candidate searching.
Functionality is otherwise the same.

Candidates can be invited to a mission from the mission display page (fill button) or the candidate search result page (invite button).
Inviting a user sends them a notification with a link to an invitation page from which they can accept or deny the invitation.
Either choice will also message back the mission owner.

Candidates can also apply to a mission through the mission display.
This will allow them to write a block of text to which their profile information (education, experience and skills) will be appended.
This information is then send to the mission owner through a notification.

My Missions will display missions which are related to the logged in user whether the user generated the missions or has accepted a posting to one of those missions.

3)
Plugins now work with GCconnex 1.12.
Some aesthetic changes were made to improve visual design.

Mission managers can now edit their missions by clicking the edit button in the mission view.
This allows them to change all the same field values from the post opportunity forms.

Candidates can be removed from a mission from the mission view by pressing the remove button next to the candidates name.

Some functionality is inactive if a user has not opted in to micro missions from their profile.
Users may opt in or opt out directly from the micro missions main page.
Users who have not opted in can not be invited to micro missions.
Users who have opted in will be displayed first in a candidate search.
Users who have not opted in can not post a mission.
Users who apply to a missions are opted in if they were not previously.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

SOLUTIONS:

If the dropdown fields are not populated in any of the forms, go to the Micro Missions setting page in the administration panel and save the settings.

Micro Missions CSS is still a work in progress so a smaller screen (like a laptops) might have some display issues.

If notifications are not appearing to a user then they will have to go to the /notifications/personal/{username} page and check the site checkbox under personal notifications.